README.md, before:

# Project Title

## Overview
Brief description of your project, including its main purpose and key features. (2-3 sentences)

## Problem Statement
- Describe the optimization/ML problem being solved
- Key objectives
- Constraints (if applicable)

## Methods/Architecture
- List of algorithms/methods used (e.g., MILP, Genetic Algorithm, CNN, etc.)
- Model architecture (for DL projects)
- Optimization formulation (for exact methods)
- Key parameters and hyperparameters

## Requirements
```bash
numpy==1.21.0
pytorch==1.9.0
scikit-learn==0.24.2
# Add other dependencies
```
## Project Structure

```basic
├── data/              # Dataset files
│   ├── processed/     # Cleaned and processed data
│   └── raw/          # Original data
├── models/            # Trained models
├── notebooks/         # Jupyter notebooks
├── references/        # Papers, documentation, etc.
├── src/              # Source code
│   ├── data.py       # Data processing functions
│   ├── models.py     # Model implementations
│   └── utils.py      # Utility functions
├── .gitignore        # Git ignore file
├── README.md         # Project documentation
└── requirements.txt  # Dependencies
```

## Setup and Installation
```bash
git clone https://github.com/username/project-name.git
cd project-name
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Results

Summarize the main results

## Citation
If this project was useful for your research, please cite:
```bash
@article{Alotaik2025project,
  title={Project Title},
  author={Alotaik, O.},
  year={2025}
}
```

Commit message:

Update README and requirements to reflect project focus and dependencies

README.md, after:

# Project Title

## Overview
Repository to show the basics of visualization in pandas

## Problem Statement
- Describe the optimization/ML problem being solved
- Key objectives
- Constraints (if applicable)

## Methods/Architecture
- List of algorithms/methods used (e.g., MILP, Genetic Algorithm, CNN, etc.)
- Model architecture (for DL projects)
- Optimization formulation (for exact methods)
- Key parameters and hyperparameters

## Requirements
```bash
numpy==1.21.0
pytorch==1.9.0
scikit-learn==0.24.2
# Add other dependencies
```
## Project Structure

```basic
├── data/              # Dataset files
│   ├── processed/     # Cleaned and processed data
│   └── raw/          # Original data
├── models/            # Trained models
├── notebooks/         # Jupyter notebooks
├── references/        # Papers, documentation, etc.
├── src/              # Source code
│   ├── data.py       # Data processing functions
│   ├── models.py     # Model implementations
│   └── utils.py      # Utility functions
├── .gitignore        # Git ignore file
├── README.md         # Project documentation
└── requirements.txt  # Dependencies
```

## Setup and Installation
```bash
git clone https://github.com/username/project-name.git
cd project-name
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Results

Summarize the main results

## Citation
If this project was useful for your research, please cite:
```bash
@article{Alotaik2025project,
  title={Project Title},
  author={Alotaik, O.},
  year={2025}
}
```
